Add summary origin (#54)
CitrineInformatics/taurus-documentation: docs/specification/attributes.md

- `measured`: The Value of this Attribute was directly measured.
- `predicted`: The Value of this Attribute came from a model, such as a complex simulation, a machine learning--derived computation or rule-of-thumb estimation

> - `summary`: The Value of this Attribute is an aggregate of multiple values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `summary`: The Value of this Attribute is calculated based on a set of the same property at a finer level of granularity (aggregation of data).
```
Exactly coping the text from:
https://citrineinformatics.github.io/gemd-docs/high-level-overview/#attribute-in-specs-and-runs

Possibly, we should copy the other way instead.

Author: I agree it should be the same text in both places. I do not have a strong opinion as to the specific text.

`value`      | [Value](../value-types) | Req. | Any `Value` type
`name`       | String     | Req. | The name of the attribute, which is used to identify it within a Data Object
`notes`      | String     | None | Some free-form notes about the attribute.

> `origin`     | `measured`, `predicted`, `summary`, `specified`, `computed`, `unknown` | `unknown` | The origin of the attribute

Reviewer: Might be worth noting that the different versions of this list have different orders.

Author: It's a set, so order is 🤷
